# InterprArt
## Team 
Grace Murray, Abby Miller and Maria Mejia 

We alternate between three positions: Desginated Delegator, Creative Consult and Logic Liason. We believe that both group dynamics and creativity are healthiest when we move through different roles in our group. In this vein, we each take turns being the team manager, the artistic designer and the logical realist. 

## Problem and Solution
“I’m not really a museum person” is a commonly uttered summary of many individuals’ relationships with museums.  When pressed, the speaker often explains that they don’t actively dislike the act of looking at art. Rather, they find themselves bored at museums, intimidated by the knowledgeable people surrounding them who can spend seemingly-unlimited amounts of time gazing at a single work. The validity of this statement seems questionable when examining the evolving, innovative museums of this era. In recent years, many museums, including the Williams College Museum of Art, have broadened the scope of museum exhibits. For example, the current display in (tiny) WCMA features exhibits that incorporate dance, biology, technology, history and classic art. This interdisciplinary, multi-media, approach to designing exhibitions is becoming more popular and making museum visits more enjoyable and accessible. So why do so many people still believe that museums have nothing to offer them? What tools can we create to help people discover that looking at art is an activity anyone can enjoy? We at InterprArt believe that the reluctant museum viewer needs an activity for their visit that occupies their brain so they do not feel bored, and empowers them with confidence in their ability to critically view art.  Specifically, we believe that visitors need a push to interpret and critically engage with art and that we can build up confidence by pointing to the strengths in their interpretations. Our smartwatch application will ask visitors about the meaning of a work of art and allow the user to respond conversationally, giving them a mental jolt without detracting and distracting from the experience of viewing the art itself.  By allowing visitors to listen to the interpretations of other museum guests and by offering rewards for interpretations, we will bolster users’ confidence in their ability to view art critically and make the act of interpretation collaborative and joyful.

## Design Research Goals, Stakeholders and Participants
For our research, we conducted three contextual inquiries. Through these contextual inquiries, we wanted to understand how people who are not naturally confident in museums interact with the space. Specifically, we wanted to know how they moved through galleries and what they thought about when they viewed art. We also hoped to discover what they liked and disliked about museums. With this in mind, we performed three contextual inquiries with college students (two from Williams and one from Keynon) who all consider themselves to be art amateurs. Our first contextual inquiry participant, a Williams College junior, was the most familiar with the Williams College Museum of Art.  Though S is not an art-history major, (she studies french and psychology) she is familiar with the WCMA collection because she works there twice a week as a gallery guide. In this role, she sits in the exhibits, greets people, answers questions and occasionally gives museum tours. Our second contextual inquiry participant, E, is a sophomore at Williams. He has not yet declared a major, and does not consider himself a “museum person.” His visit to WCMA for the contextual inquiry was his very first time entering the building. Our third contextual inquiry participant, U, is a junior at Kenyon College in Ohio. She is a psychology major that showed interest and support for the design process we are learning in HCI. She does not consider herself an expert in art and has not taken any art history or studio art classes. The contextual inquiry was her first visit to WCMA, so she had a fresh perspective on the museum and its art.We began each of our inquiries with a preliminary interview to assess the participants background. We then took the participant to the WCMA gallery and asked them to walk around and watched which art-works they gravitated towards and how long they stood at an individual work of art. After a brief period of observation, we began to interact with our participants as they looked at the art, asking them about their thought process and making interpretations. We sometimes asked them explicitly about what they thought a work of art “meant” and sometimes asked them more general questions about what they observed. We ended the inquiry by leaving the gallery and asking them to reflect on what they enjoyed thinking about as they viewed art. Through this procedure, we hoped to gain insight on how people felt in the gallery and whether they enjoyed critically engaging with art. 

## Written Scenarios and Selected Storyboards

### Scenario 1: Facilitate conversation and collaboration about art: 
Sam is a student at Williams who enjoys art, but doesn’t have many friends who share this interest and would want to engage in discussions on the subject. One day, while visiting the art museum solo, Sam, is particularly intrigued by a painting in a new exhibit. It reminds him of his childhood, and he feels extremely nostalgic. Wondering if other museum visitors shared this experience, Sam puts in his wireless earbuds and opens up the InterprArt app on his smartwatch. He selects the listen icon, and is taken to a screen of categories, where he selects emotions. Sam listens as the app narrates the 5 most recent interpretations. At the third interpretation, his watch buzzes briefly and a chain icon pops up to indicate that this interpretation has started a thread of responses. He taps the icon to listen to the thread. When it’s finished, he taps the speak icon. When the screen indicates that the app is “listening” with a blinking red recording light, he explains his own experience of nostalgia in response. Sam feels happy that even while visiting the museum alone, he was able to engage in discussion about his new favorite piece of art.

! [Collaboration Storyboard] (/img/CollabStory.jpg)

### Scenario 2: Receive rewards and validation for interpretations: 
Betty is a student who has never taken a class in the art or art history department, and doesn’t feel very confident in her art-related thinking. She does, however, enjoy looking at art and visiting the art museum! One day, while browsing an exhibit, she is struck by an interesting thought while examining a sculpture and wishes she had someone to tell! She opens up the InterprArt app on her smartwatch and taps the speak icon. When the blinking red recording symbol indicates that the app is “listening,” she quietly dictates her interpretation. Normally, Betty is nervous to share her thoughts on art, for fear of others’ judgement, but she feels comfortable whispering it into her watch. When she taps on the screen to indicate that she is finished speaking, her watch suddenly vibrates excitedly. Colorful stars pop up, and balloons drift across the screen, along with the words, “Congratulations! Experts agree!” Intrigued, she taps on the highlighted listen icon, and listens in in her wireless earbuds to a similar interpretation that has been put forth by an expert art historian. Betty feels encouraged and validated. Her cell phone buzzes in her pocket, and she sees that she has been emailed a coupon for 20% off an item in the gift shop. She is excited to get the tote bag she’s been eyeing at a discount!
